Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪Who can it be knocking at my door?♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪Go 'way.♪
♪don't come 'round here no more♪
♪Can't you see that it's late at night?♪
♪I'm very tired.♪
♪and I'm not feeling right♪
♪All I wish is to be alone♪
♪Stay away.♪
♪don't you invade my home♪
♪Best off if you hang outside♪
♪Don't come in. I'll only run and hide♪
♪Who can it be now?♪
♪Who can it...♪
[dramatic music]♪
Hello?
Garrison police. I need youto come forward.
[rhythmic clanking and squeaking]
♪
[clanking grows louder]
[clanking]
[monkey chitters]
[heavy impact]
Revenge and reward.
Those are the two most commonmotives in detective fiction.
and they're illustratedbrilliantly in this play.
Shadow of Death.by Erris Vale.
And we're very lucky.because it opens tomorrow night
at the Garrison CommunityPlayhouse.
and I don't know if you guyshave seen this around campus.
but here's the poster.
I know you knowwho that is.
The movie star.Bella Brightman.
She has a vacation home here.
and she loves our communitytheatre so much
that she has agreedto play the lead.
so we're very excitedabout that.
And if that wasn't enough.
you get to go and see Lacybe brilliant in the play.
And of course. Bud.our stage manager.
Well. we would be nowherewithout our dramaturge.
Professor Winslow. telling usexactly what the play means.
[laughs]
Oh. and to clarify. a dramaturgeis a literary advisor.
it's someone who researchesthe script for clues.
and kind of explains itto everybody else.
So basically she does exactlywhat she does in this class.
[students laughing]
And if you go tomorrow night.
I will give you allextra credit.
And I know that is shamelessbribery.
but it is for the bettermentof your education.
so. doesn't count.
All right guys. I hope to seeyou all there tomorrow night.
Have a good day.
(Graham) Ugh...
(Amy) Come on. Dad. it's not going to kill you.
Oh. smells like it might.
You remember when I had thatthroat thing a few weeks ago?
Yeah.
Holly made that for me.and it went away like that.
[snaps fingers]
Honey. I... I have to finishmy manuscript by Monday. can...
can you please just goto Palen's Drug Store
and pick up some goodold-fashioned cold medicine
that's made in a laband approved by the FDA?
I will. just as soonas you drink that.
Drink it.
[groans]
[slurps]
Hmm?
Ah. it's pretty good.actually.
It's not bad. is it?
Hmm.
Yeah. That's whatI thought. too.
So. I'm excited aboutopening night.
Yeah.
And for you to be more freein the evenings.
I know. I miss our Fridaynight dinners.
Yeah.
But. uh. your stand-in'sbeen fun.
My stand-in?
Yeah.
Travis has been joining methe last couple of weeks.
Detective Burke?
You know a lot ofother Travises?
Hold on. wait a minute.wait a minute.
So you're telling me that Travishas been coming here
to eat dinner?
Yeah.
What's the matter I can't havedinner with a buddy?
[laughing] Oh. okay. is thatwhat you guys are now?
Are you buddies? You arebuddies. okay.
He said that you two aresupposed to get together.
We are just going to have dinner
because I want him and talkto my Mystery 101 class.
About what?
I thought it would be nicefor the students to hear about
real crime versus crime fiction.
Oh.
Yeah. but I've been so busywith this play
we haven't had a chance to.so...
You know how that goes.
Yeah.
So what have you guys beentalking about?
[laughing] No. no. no.no. no!
It's... it's just. Travis is.uh. sort of obsessed.
you might say. witha particular subject.
What... what's heobsessed with?
Atticus Keller.
Your fictional detective?
He's a big fan.
No. he's not a big fan. Dad.
Because he doesn'tread crime fiction.
He didn't until he auditedyour class.
which changed him forever.
He said that.in those words?
Well. I may have usedpoetic license.
but that was the general drift.
Chief. how is she?
Travis.
Sent her away to the hospital.Concussion.
And she's lost some blood.
Sorry.
Well. this was herrunning route.
Yeah. I know. she was trainingfor that 10k.
She changed her routeto Main Street
when the antiquestore got burgled.
She must've walkedright in on the burglary.
Sounds about right.
Well. I'm grateful to Miss Hartfor finding her.
Detective Travis Burke.I'm Claire's partner.
Josie Hart.
I'm the manager.
Nice to meet you.
Chief. I want you to getto the hospital.
I got this.
All right. thanks Travis.
Hey. do you mind if I ask yousome questions?
No. of course not.
Where did you find Claire?
Back over here.
She was on the floor.right here.
Now. I notice that you've gotsecurity cameras.
Can I see the footage?
Remember that horrible storma few weeks back?
Yeah?
We had a power surge that friedour security systems.
They're coming tomorrowto replace them.
I'm so sorry.
Can you tell mewhat was taken?
Yeah. um.
All the cash in our registers.it was over $500
and unfortunately quite a lotof medications.
I want a list of all themedication that was stolen.
and I also want the namesand numbers
of everybody who works here.
Okay.
Travis!
Hey.
Yeah. officer.you can let her in.
Thank you.
Hi.
What's going on?
Third burglary in three weeks.
First the antique store.then the bookstore.
now this but this isan assault.
They got Claire.
Claire? Your partner?
As in. Bud's girlfriend?
Yeah. this washer running route.
and I don't know. I think maybeshe saw something this morning.
she came in to investigate. andsomebody got the jump on her.
Is she?...
She's not conscious yet.
She's on her wayto the hospital.
Oh. Travis. I'm so sorry.
Does Bud know?
Uh-nuh.
This is Josie.
Josie's the managerof the pharmacy.
She found Claire this morningwhen she opened up the store.
Amy Winslow.
Josie Hart.
Nice to meet you.
Josie Hart. where haveI heard that na...
Are you Elliot Quirk'sgirlfriend?
Yeah.
How did you?...
Oh. I... I'm a dramaturgefor the play he's working on.
"Shadow of Death."
Oh. nice.
Anyway. I gotta get backto work. Amy.
Yeah. Good luck.
Good luck on the play.
Break a leg.
What?
It's...
[laughs awkwardly]
Break a leg.it's a theatre term.
It just means "good luck."
Why do they say that?
I don't know.
I'll call you aboutthat dinner meeting.
Yes.
Okay.
I'd like that.
Nice to meet you.
Anyway.
Oh yeah. Amy.
Will you tell Budabout Claire?
Yeah. absolutely.
♪
Hey. I got your text.
Hey. Have a seat.
I'm not getting fired. am I?
No. no. you're notgetting fired.
Um...
Claire's okay. butshe's in the hospital.
She walked in on a burglaryand got jumped by the thief.
but she's stable.
Um. okay. uh. um. I'm goingto go to the hospital.
Yeah. I'll cover the afternoonrehearsal for you.
Thank you. Amy.
Hey. you.
Hey. Dad!
What are you doing here?
I thought you'd be home in bed.
Ah. I'm feeling great.
And I'm just picking upmy ticket for opening night.
So I'm guessing you do not needthat cold medication?
Nope. you were right.
Again.
[laughs]
Come on.
So. Bella.
How is it that a film starwinds up headlining a play
at the community theatre?
Well. uh. my husbandDuncan and I
have had a country home herefor a couple of years.
and we love being in Garrisonwhen I'm not off on a shoot.
And I love theatre.
So. I joined the boardto support.
But Vincent Cuddahy.the artistic director.
has been trying to get meto support on the stage.
So. he gave me the play.which I adored.
and it worked withmy schedule. so.
Beautiful.
Can you tell us a little bitabout Shadow of Death?
It's an old-fashioned drawingroom murder mystery.
with a little romance thrown infor good measure.
A romance with your character?
Yes. um. she fallsfor the local vicar.
played by that handsome manover there. Elliot Quirk.
Quirk as in Quirk Construction.the new condos?
Mmhmm.
When he donated lumberfor the set.
he got bit by the acting bug.
And. by Bella Brightman.
[laughs]
It's understandable.
How's her husbandfeel about that?
Well. let's just say he's beencoming to a lot of rehearsals.
Uh-huh.
Hey Chief. how's your daughter?
She's awake. and smiling.
Bud's there.
Okay. That's good.
And she's still fuzzyon what happened.
The doctor said give hersome time.
and it'll all come back.
All right.
You got any leads?
No.
There's so many fingerprintsin a place like that.
I don't know. maybe we geta hit on one?
Yeah. Okay. good.
Hey.
You made it.
Yeah. visiting hours ended.
Look. are... are you gonna beable to help Travis
figure out who did thisto Claire?
Well. if he asks me to.
but I'm not going to holdmy breath.
You know how he is.
Hey Karl.
What... what happened?
What does it look like?
Chair broke. Gotta fix it.
You need a hand with that.Karl?
From you. the star's husband?No.
Amy? Uh. questionfor you onstage?
Yeah. Sure.
I'll talk to you later.
Okay.
[whispering] I just need youto back me up on this. Okay?
Elliot.
Elliot has a thought aboutthe vicar confessing his love.
So. I was thinkingI should kiss her.
No.
No. absolutely not.
[stutters] But. I'm in lovewith her. Amy.
And we're finallyalone together.
Okay. but you're a vicar.
You're a man of propriety.you know.
You respect the rulesof courtship.
I mean. and bottom line.
this script doesn't indicatea kiss.
I'm... I'm sorry. Elliot.
Oh. darling. you tried.
All right everyone.
This is our last run-throughbefore we have an audience.
so let's get ready.
Poor Elliot.
Mm. I met his girlfriend today.
Poor girlfriend.
[laughs]
I know. it's pretty obvioushe's smitten with Bella. right?
Yeah.
[sighs]
I think her husband knows.
I mean. this is the third nightDuncan's been here this week.
Once the show is over.I'm sure he'll move on.
Bella certainly will.
(Travis) There she is.
Hi. partner.
Hey. you.
Thank you.
How you feeling?
Like a rookie.
I should've called for backup
as soon as I sawthe glass was broken.
You will next time.
Hey. I'm sorry it took meso long to get here.
You're working a case.I understand.
Any headway?
No. not yet.
In fact. I was hoping
that you were startingto remember some things.
Yeah. actually.
Yeah?
There was this.this sound.
like this steady rhythm comingfrom the back of the store.
I went toward it. and...
it was one of those littletoy monkeys
that plays the cymbals.
That's weird.
Yeah.
Huh.
Anything else?
No. sorry.
It's all right.
Uh. enjoy the flowersand I'll see you tomorrow.
Sounds good.
All right. Heal up. get better.
Vicar.
Whatever can this mean?
I suppose it means I love you.Lady Purcell.
Vicar!
[screams]
Lacy. that's your cue.
I know. I'm sorry. Vincent.
I'm pulling the trigger.but nothing's happening.
Bud?
[stammering] I loaded it.
I don't knowwhat's going on.
Vincent. this thing'sin really bad shape.
I got a newer one at home.it'll fire on cue.
All right. thanks Karl.
Okay. everyone.
Let's just keep going.
As I've told you many times.inspector.
never underestimatea lady.
[enthusiastic clapping]Bravo!
Bravo!
Can I help you?
I'm sorry. sir.We're not open yet.
Sebastian?
Heya. Bells.
I brought you your favourites.
Heya. Sebastian.
Vincent. can you please...
Get off me. man.
Do you know who this guy is?
He's Bella's ex.
How'd you know that?
Yeah. how did you know that?
Well. I meanit's pretty obvious.
He called her "Bells" andhe brought her her favourites
from a bakery that only existsin Manhattan.
and I'm sure they're fresh.right?
Mmhmm.
So you just arrived. andby the look on your face.
I could tell there was someunfinished business
between you two.
and it's obvious that Bellais not happy.
[clapping]
Well done. Detective WhoeverYou Are.
She is good.
Amy Winslow.
Ah.
Sebastian Dusquenes.
Bella's first husband.
[clears throat]
Let me guess. you came hereto win her back.
No. I'm just a fan of her work.
[chuckles]Okay.
All right. well. you can bea fan of her work tomorrow
when we open.
Love what I saw tonight. Bells.Can't wait for more.
Okay.
[clears throat]
Goodnight. Sebastian.
Okay.
Now that our unwanted guestis gone.
let's gather for notes.
Yes. yes. notes.
[suspenseful music]♪
(Bella) There's no need to get upset. Karl.
I'm not a fool.
I know why he's here.
He has no idea. but he will.if you don't handle it.
So handle it.
[suspenseful music]♪
[screams]Ahhhhh!!!!!
Shh! Are you okay?
What's wrong?
Sorry. Professor Winslow.
I... I was just eavesdropping.I guess. on Karl and Bella.
and their conversationsounded... strange.
Strange how?
He was upset that someonewas there. but she said
"he has no idea. but he willif you don't handle this."
And then she paused. like reallydramatically. and said
"so handle it."
And then I kind of gasped.and Karl heard me.
so I scooted away in here.
"Handle it." Hmm.
Do you think Karl was talkingabout her ex-husband showing up?
I think he was talking abouther current husband.
I don't think he's happyDuncan's here.
So what does Karl not wantDuncan to find out about?
I don't know.
Okay. but what's going on?
It does remind me ofA Study in Scarlet.
That great line that Holmes has?
"There's nothing likefirsthand evidence."
Which we have none of.right now.
It's just a bunch ofguess work.
[sighs]
No. you're right.
Sorry for screaming.
[laughs]
That's okay.
Hey. do you need a ride home?
That would be great.
Okay. come on.
What a rehearsal. huh?
Yeah. I'll say.
Oh. hello again.
This is one of my students.Lacy Daniels.
Josie Hart.
Hi.
She's Elliot's girlfriend.
Oh.
Yeah.
Are you okay?
Just. just an emotional day.
Oh. yeah. of course.of course.
She manages the drug storethat got broken into.
You really. I've come sucha far way.
It's adorable.
Josie.
Hi. Josie.
Bella.
Babe. are we going?
Ah. my chariot has arrived.
Ta-ta. all.
Bye.
[clears throat uncomfortably]
What are you doing here?
I came to pick you up.
But I have my car. so...
You know what. Lacy.we should get going.
You guys. drive safely.
Good night.
Um. professor. do you thinkHolmes would say
that's firsthand evidencethat there's trouble
between Elliot and Josie?
Hmm.
Yeah. Lacy. I believe he would.
Morning!
Hey! This is a nice surprise.
Well. I had to do somethingto make up for all those dinnersI missed so...
Ta-da! I brought youGarrison bagels.
Oooh!
Oh. am I interrupting you?
No. no. I can takea quick break...
For these!
Ah!
And you too.
[chuckles]
-Oh. boy!-So good aren't they?
They're hot. oh. boy!
So. uh. how was your finaldress rehearsal?
Oh. Dad.
What? What?
[laughs]Ugh. oh.
Let's just say there was a lotof drama around the drama.
Such as?
Well. you remember I told you
I thought that Elliot Quirk hada crush on Bella Brightman?
Yeah.
Well. there was a reasonfor that.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Because. I found thisin the seat.
-Oh.-Oh.
Interesting. huh?
So. uh. "you know who"is Bella's husband?
Maybe.
But also. her ex-husbandshows up last night.
and then Duncan and him almostget into it.
Did Elliot try too?
Well. he didn't look too happyabout it.
but then Elliot's girlfriendshows up.
and then they get into it.
[laughs]
Oh. oh. uh. thank you.and thank you.
Oh man. was the play as excitingas all of this?
Well. exactly. I mean.that's my issue.
I'm afraid all ofthese distractions
are going to hurt the show.
Well.
Maybe you should considerdoing something about it.
Hi. excuse me. sir.
I'm looking for Elliot Quirk?
I'm his father. George.
Oh. nice to meet you.
I'm Amy Winslow. I work withhim at the community theatre.
That's terrific. that'sthe main reason I'm in town.
Really?
Yeah.
It's not to help build condos?
No. Elliot's got that covered.
Uh. he's right inside.
Okay. all right. thank you.
Nice to meet you.
[knocks at door]
Hi. your dad saidI could come in.
Amy.
What are you doing here?
Well. you know. I was justdropping by the cast members
just to see if you guys hadany last minute questions
about the script before tonight.
Oh. thanks.
Yeah. you know.I think I'm good.
Okay.
[laughs nervously]
Is... everything else okay?
Yeah.
[laughs weakly]
I guess you noticed sometension between me and Josie?
Yeah. well... It's kind ofhard not to.
She just... She gets emotional.
[laughs]
She thinks I'm. like. in lovewith Bella or something.
But you're not.
No.
No!
I mean. you know.Bella is married.
Right.
And I have a girlfriend. so.
[awkwardly]Yeah. absolutely.
Okay. Well. um. if you thinkof anything.
you know my number.
I do.
Right.
Thanks Amy.
Okay. all right. bye.
See ya.
♪
They say another 24 hours andI should be able to go home.
Oh. that's great Claire.
Hey. hey.
The gang is all here.
Hey.
Hi.
No toy monkeys.
Oh.
Is that a codefor something?
I remembered last night. therewas this toy monkey with cymbals
playing on the floorof the drug store.
That's what distracted me beforethe burglar knocked me out.
Right. and they don't sellany toy monkeys. either.
So the burglar had iton him?
Yeah.
Why?
That's a good question.
Claire. you run by thereevery morning. right?
Ever since the second burglary.
What if someone was expectingyou to come by.
and they were preparedwith a distraction?
Okay. but if they knewthat she ran by Main Street
every morning at 5:00.
why even botherwith the distraction?
Why not just rob the placeat 2:00 or 3:00 or whenever?
Yeah. that's a good question.too.
All very good questions thatwe're going to have to allow
the professional law enforcementpeople to answer.
because we've got to getto class. then theatre.
Break your legs.
-What?-What?
Isn't that how you...?
No. That's...
What is it?
That's not it.
So it's a singular?
You'll figure it out.
Come on.
-Bye. guys.-Break a leg.
The thing that keeps usturning the pages.
and the thing that Jane Austenis an absolute master of.
is secrets.
With a few tweaks. I mean.this could be a spy novel.
it could be a... a workof crime fiction.
but in this case. it's a mysteryof who loves whom.
Whatever can this mean?
Hey. Bella.
Oh. I'm sorry. amI interrupting you?
Oh. no. you're fine.
Would you happen to knowwhere the phrase
"break a leg" comes from?
Oh. Um...
[laughs] I have no idea.
Um. I suppose it's basedon the premise
that if you wish for somethingbad to happen. it won't.
[heavy crashing]
[shrieks]Ahhhhhhhh!!!!!
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Are you all right?
[panicking]Yeah. yeah.
Karl!
(Bella) Where did that come from?
I don't know.
♪
[gasps]
Oh! Karl.
What are you doing up here?
Checking on the light.
Uh. I... I... I actually thoughtI saw someone up here
when the light fell.
Careless lighting designer
must've forgotto safety cable it.
[sighs uncomfortably]
I loaded the whole chamberwith blanks in case thereis a misfire.
Thanks. Karl.
Fifteen minutes. Fifteen minutes to places please.
You don't seem nervous.
Oh. nothing much makesme nervous.
Oh. don't I know it.
Wow.
Right?
[inhales deeply]
Hey. sweetheart. do you minddoing me a favour and.
uh. finding a vasefor these?
Um. sure?
Hmm.
Bells.
What are you doing. huh?
Slumming it with these amateurs.
What do you want.Sebastian?
I told you last night.seeing my favourite actress do
what she was born to do.
Oh.
Although I would preferto be seeing it
on the great white way.
How's this?
Lovely.Thank you. Lacy.
Hey!
Hey. Lacy? I need the gun.
Excuse me. sir?
You're not supposedto be back here.
Young man. life is more funwhen you do the things
you're not supposed to do.
[whispers] Break a leg. Bells.
Professor Winslow.
Hi!
Hi.
You nervous?
Yeah. yeah. I'm nervous.but I'm excited.
All right. Good.
Well. I heard this is tradition.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Hey. do you want to join me?
Um. yeah. I would love to.
Sure. Come on.
Sure. you got a seat?
Absolutely.
Good.
I'm glad you're here.
I wouldn't miss opening nightfor the world.
Well. you know.just that...
I thought maybe that casemight've tied you up.
Hm.
Unfortunately. forensicscame back.
They... they foundnothing useful.
Really?
Nothing.
Hmm.
Maybe you should askfor my help next time.
[laughs]
Tell you what. Amy.
I'll ask for your helpthe minute
you become a law enforcementprofessional.
[laughs]
Besides that. your father.he doesn't...
Doesn't.... doesn't what?
Oh. I was just...Uh...
Huh?
-Nothing.-Nothing.
-Nope.-Nothing.
Oh.
Oh. Yeah.
Can I... can I...
Uh. would you mindscooting over?
Sure.
Do you want to sitnext to Amy?
That's ok. that's ok.I like the aisle.
All right. Yeah.
Pardon me.
[gasps] Ms. Salterton.
This is a surprise.
Vicar. I need your help.
I believe... someone is tryingto murder me.
Whatever can this mean. Vicar?
I suppose it means... I love you. Lady Purcell.
Oh.
Vicar...
Oh!
[gun fires]
[glass shatters]
[screams]
That wasn't to happen.
That was a real bullet.
Had to be.
Excuse me. Graham.
Hey. can you turn upthe lights?
Turn on the house lights.
Lacy. I want you to put the gun down on the ground. put it down.
Ladies and gentlemen. stay calm.remain in your seats.
My name is DetectiveTravis Burke.
I'm with the GarrisonPolice Department.
and this is an activecrime scene.
Ah. crime scene.
That's okay.
Am I a suspect?
Yeah. what about me?
The audience are being held in the lobby.
We'll get everybodyfingerprinted
and the scene processed.
I want you to runthe questioning.
Great. okay. we're goingto have to get the bullet
out of that mirror downto forensics
to get a fingerprintoff of it.
Yeah. you take careof that.
And Bud. I want to talkto everybody who had access
to that gun before the show.
It was Lacy. Bella.myself. Karl.
he's a set designer.it was his gun.
uh. and thenBella's ex-husband.
He was backstagebefore the show.
Okay. can you... can youpoint him out to the chief?
Yeah.
All right. thanks.
Hey. um. I think you needto talk to Duncan Spencer.
He's Bella's current husband.and. uh. Elliot Quirk.
Okay.
Hey. folks. I'm going to need totake everybody's fingerprints.
and I might want to talkto a few of you.
so you're going to needto get comfy.
Uh. is there a place thatI could do an interview?
Uh. I think...
We could use the theatre.
Uh. and who are you?
Vincent Cuddahy.artistic director.
Nice to meet you. Vincent.
Uh. will you go to the lobbyand make an announcement
to your audience. tell them thatthe show is over for the night?
[whispers]Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay. I'm going to take off.
You're okay. honey?
Oh yeah. Dad. I'm okay.
I'll talk to you later.
-Okay.-Yeah.
Hey.
Good luck. buddy.
All right. bye.
Um. hey.
Uh. yeah. everything is goingto be all right.
So uh...
[nervously] Is theresomething going on
between you andthat Vincent guy?
Vincent?
Yeah.
No. we're just friends. Why?
I. uh... Just. uh. it seemslike pretty friendly friends.
Well he's just. you know.he's touchy-feely.
He's a theatre guy.
Uh-huh.
[laughs]
Hey. listen.
Before you talk to anyone.
uh. there's a few things I wantto talk to you about.
I'm all ears.
Well. I found this wherethe actors take notes.
Mmhmm.
I think it's fromElliot to Bella.
and I think Josieknows about it.
and I think Bella's husbandknows about it.
Huh.
Will... will you hold onto thisfor me?
Absolutely.
Anything else?
Yes. there is something else.
So. earlier tonight. this stagelight came crashing down
just a few feet awayfrom Bella.
I mean. it almost hit her.
So. I looked up. and I....
I thought I saw someoneon the catwalk.
so I went up there.but there was no one.
I mean. I did see Karlup there.
but he was checking itout too. so.
Show me.
Yeah.
Come on.
So it was just right alongdown here.
Hey. um. get me a glove.
Hmm-mmm.
Look at this.
It looks like somebodycut the safety cable.
So. it wasn't an accident.
No. this plan failed.somebody loaded the gun.
Gentlemen.
Bag this safety wire. sweepthe whole area for prints.
Will you go grab Lacyfor me?
Yeah.
Thanks.
I'm sure it's nothing.
but he just wants to ask youa few questions.
Hi. Lacy.
Hi. Detective.
So. I just gotta ask you acouple questions. all right?
It won't take that long.
Do you mind just takinga seat there?
Uh. so I... I guess I'll justleave you guys to it.
Wait. you're not staying?
She can stay. right. Detective?
[stammers] Sh... Yeah. sure.
Yeah.
You want to stay?
All right.
Just. why don't you sit here?
Yeah.
Amy. remember. I... I...I gotta ask the questions.
So.
What do you want to know?
So. the gun was new. right?
That's right.
The old one wasn'tworking consistently.
so Karl offered to bringin the new one.
Who loaded the gun?
Karl.
I gave it to Lacy.
And the gun was with youthe whole time?
No. Bud picked it upat the 15-minute call.
Okay.
So. Lacy handed it to you.
It was sitting on the dressingroom table so I picked it up.
I took it to the booth where itstayed until she grabbed it
for the show.
Do you rememberanybody else. uh.
who might've been inthe dressing room with you?
Bella and her ex-husbandstopped by.
He brought me flowers.
Two dozen long stem.
We chatted for a minute.
then the stage managerkicked me out.
I didn't see any gun.
Is there any reason whyhe would want to hurt you?
Sebastian?
No.
No. we're pals.
How about anybody else?
No. I... I... I can't thinkof anyone
who would want to hurt me.
Can you think of anybodywho would want to hurt Bella?
No.
No way.
Not really. no.
Absolutely not.
Are you kidding?
Everybody loves Bella.
How about this?
Is this yours?
No.
That's cute.
[scoffs]
Is that my wife's?
Why would you ask that?
Oh. she does goofy stuffall the time
to motivate the other actors.
Do I like to motivatemy fellow players?
Yes!
Did I create that?
No.
So. you're telling me thatthere is nothing going on
between Bella and Elliot?
Ask Bella.
Oh. he's sweet.
But that's all.
But Josie thinks otherwise.
Like I told Amy.Josie is just emotional.
What about the light thatalmost hit you?
That was an accident.
No.
Somebody cut the safety cable.
So. you think thatsomeone is....
Is trying to hurt you. yes.
All right. um.well. I will trust
that you're goingto take care of it.
And. um. can we just have
the opening night party now.please?
I mean. I'm hosting.it's catered. you know.
Hold on a second.you want to have a party
the same night that somebodytried to murder you?
Well. they failed.
All the more reasonto celebrate.
[laughs weakly]
Detective. you're welcometo come.
Oh. I'll be coming all right.
With a score of other officers.
one who is going to stayby your side all night.
So. I understand that you havea party to attend.
Thank you all for your time.
I need you all to stay reachableand local.
What do you think?
I think someone in this roomtried to commit a murder.
and they're not going to quituntil they do.
Wow. this is... this issome house.
Yeah.
And she has one in LA too?
Apparently. and an apartmentin New York. yeah.
But she says this is herfavourite place to be.
Huh?
Guys. I appreciate you coming out here tonight.
I want you to wand everyonebefore they walk in.
Bud is going to staywith you guys at the door.
He knows everyonewho's involved in the play.
and he's going to be surethat no one's coming in
who wasn't invited.
Ah. Miss Brightman.
Officer. your assignment isto stick with Miss Brightman
no matter where she goes.
Where she goes. you go.
Detective. do you really thinksomeone would harm me
in my own home?
It sounds a lot easierthan doing it on the stage.
and they tried that already.
Mmhmm.
Officer. can I get youa drink?
No. you cannot.
Well. I could use one.
Shall we?
Mmhmm.
All right. stay with her.
You're a hit.
Trying to prevent a hit.
[metal detector squeals]
[sighs]
Officer. the only damage thatthis will do is to my liver.
[laughs heartily]
Cheers.
Hey. uh. I thinkthat's everyone.
Is it all right if I take off?
I... I really want to gocheck in on Claire.
Thanks for your help. Bud.
Yeah.
Go get some rest.
Okay. See you guys.
So. you making any headwayon the Main Street burglaries?
I got friends who're crosschecking all the fingerprints
from the first three storesthat were hit.
Hoping we find a matchbefore there's a fourth.
Hmm.
Ooh.
-Thanks.-Thank you.
You know what. I justthought of something.
I think that we might be havingdinner together right now.
Well. I'm eating.and you're eating.
Mmhmm.
And you know. we are inthe same room together. so...
[laughs]
My conclusion would be...
[heated arguing]
What are you doing in my house?
You have no respect for meand my family!
[glass shattering]
Huh? Huh?
Calm down. huh?
What is going on here?
He attacked my son.
Your son's tryingto steal my wife.
Duncan!
You've had too muchto drink.
Vincent. can you just...
Yeah. sure.Of course.
Come on. pal. let's go.Come on.
Gentlemen.
I think it's probably bestif you go home tonight. yeah?
Bella.
I think the detective is right.Elliot.
I am so sorry.
I... I apologizefor my husband.
Mr. Quirk. thank youfor coming.
And I sincerely hopethat you can see
the entire show very soon.
Thank you. Ms. Brightman.
I look forward to it.
So. um.
Are you sticking to your storythat there's nothing going on
between you and Elliot?
I am.
Can I get back to my guests?
Yeah. of course.
What do you thinkthat was about?
Yeah. I don't knowif I believe her.
He's very familiar with people.
It's just that theatre thing.
What are those twotalking about?
Their significant others?
Hunh?
-What?-Talk to you later.
Hey. Josie.
Uh. were you lookingfor Elliot?
He just left a littlewhile ago.
Yeah. I just heard.
[sighs]
What?
Uh. Josie?
What is it?You okay?
Yeah. I'm just.
[tearing up]I'm okay.
Why are the police here?
Oh. um. at the play tonight.
someone loaded the gunwith a real bullet
and it almost hitthe hostess.
Bella?
Josie...
Elliot said that you didn't wantto come to the play tonight.
So why come here?
I... I'm sorry.
No. no. no. It's...it's okay.
What is it?
I. um... Elliot. he's beenso different.
and last night. I mean.I think you saw us?
I told him he had to tell methe truth.
About Bella?
And he said nothingwas going on?
Yeah. but...
Okay.
I know his email passwordand tonight I signed in.
and I found a secret folder fullof love letters to him from her.
I came here to tell himthat it's over between us.
I'm keeping an officer parkedout front.
Thank you.
Listen. I need to apologizefor being.
uh. less than gracious earlier.
[tearfully] It's just.been quite a day.
Understood.
Uh. tomorrow we'll getthe forensics back
from the crime scene
and hopefully they'lltell us more about
who loaded that gunwith an actual bullet.
Yeah. Okay.
Get some sleep. okay?
Yeah.
All right. thanks.
Good night.
Drive safe.
Uh. so. um. thank you forincluding me in the interviews.
Ah. well. you know.it's hard to say no to Lacy.
And you. you werea little helpful.
Just a little.
Yeah.
I get a little?
Yeah. Let's not gotoo far. huh?
[laughs]
Yeah.
[clears throat]
Yeah. well. good night.
Good night. All right.
Thank you. Amy.
Okay. Bye.
Travis left an officer posted there.
Yeah. I didn't getin until after 1:00 AM.
Hmm. Some night.
Ugh. yeah.
So. what are your thoughtson this.
oh wise expert in criminality?
Well. this may sound funny.
but it reminds meof the Maltese Falcon.
Yeah. but there'sno hidden treasure.
Not that part.
Hammett's masterpieceis about
how everyone is lyingabout something.
and this sounds like that.
Could be.
[phone rings]
Oh.
Sorry.
Hey. Vincent.What's up?
What?
No. no. no. I'll...I'll be right there.
Bella Brightman's dead.
[mysterious music]♪
(Travis) We're going to put the time of death here at 9:35 am.
I want you to order an autopsy for me.
News travels fast.
A heart attack?
Thank you.
Doctor Gentry says they're morecommon in women under 50
than we think.
Come on. Travis.
I mean. someone just triedto kill her last night.
With a gun. Amy.
This was cardiac arrest.
Okay. okay. are... are youat least going to order...
Order an autopsy?
I did that already.but thank you.
Okay. good. good.
Well. I would just liketo talk to Duncan.
Okay. Amy. Duncan's talkingto Doctor Gentry.
I haven't even had a chance
to talk to Duncan yet.so just...
I just want to offer mycondolences. that's it.
[laughs]
You. All right.
Thank you.
Yeah. It's slowing down.
Thanks. Doc.
I gave him a sedative.
I don't want twoheart attacks today.
I need to talk to him.
He's coherent. just...relaxed.
Duncan.
Hey.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I just... I mean.
How did this happen?
I mean... What exactlydid happen?
Okay. Amy.
Hey. Duncan.
Do you mind. um. just walkingme through this morning.
everything you remember?
Uh. as you know. I... I hada few drinks last night.
I slept in.
Um. and then Bellagot me up to row.
We have these machines.
Show me.
And where were you. Duncan?
I uh. I wanted to takea cold shower first.
and she said she was goingto start rowing.
And then when I came downstairs.she was on the floor.
I thought she was playinga prank.
[sobbing]
She can't be dead.
I can't. this is insane.
[hyperventilates]
Easy. Duncan.
I need to give himsomething stronger.
All right. so he'll be okay?
He'll sleep.
Hopefully until tomorrow.
Good. Oh.
[phone rings]
It's the chief. excuse me.
Hello?
So sad.
Mm.
I promise you. I never sawany signs of heart disease.
How long was sheyour patient?
Since she bought this housea couple years ago.
I was the one that got heron the theatre board.
Oh.
Karl's on the theatre board too.isn't he?
Indeed he is.
You know. the two of them
had a bit of a tenseconversation backstage
the other night.
Did you know of any troublebetween them?
I don't want to gossip.
Gossip about what?
Bella had paid Karl to doan addition to the house.
Months ago.
And he still hadn't done it?
How much did she pay him?
Thanks. chief. Bye. Uh...
I'd better get going.Take care.
Yeah. bye.
Thank you. Doctor Gentry.
What?
[sighs]
I think that you might needto pay Karl Muhlenbeck a visit.
I just found out that he owesBella a lot of money.
Huh.
Okay.
Well. there was another burglarylast night. so I gotta go.
Really?
But that's. that's good.I'll follow up with Karl later.
Yeah.
Bye. Amy.
Bye.
♪
[shutter snaps]
[engine rattling]
When the owner got here.she saw the door was smashed.
The thief took everythingin the register.
a paltry $40.
Did the owner findanything inside?
Like what?
A toy monkey.
No toy monkey?
[phone buzzing]
Hang on a second.
I. uh. I got... Sorry. Chief.I gotta go.
[dramatic mysterious music] ♪
♪
Where are you?
[gasps]
Are you spying on me?
No. no. I was actually. Iwas just looking for you.
Well. where's your car?
Oh. um.
Well. I... I parked iton the road.
Yeah.
Do you. I can tell you...
[screams]
Why are you lying to me?
I'm not lying to you.I just...
You're just what?
[yelling]Hey! Karl!
Get your hands off of her.
[groans]
Hey.
You okay?
[breathlessly]Yeah. yeah. yeah I'm fine.
Go get him. go!
[suspenseful music]♪
♪
[grunting]
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be
used against you in a court of law.
Why did you run. Karl?
I didn't kill her.
How did you know she was dead?
Vincent called me.
I saw the luxury vehiclesin your barn.
The ones that aren'tregistered to you.
So you're choppingstolen cars.
and you still can'tpay back Bella?
How much gambling debtdo you owe?
Hmm.
You know. here's the thing.
You thought that Bella broughtDuncan to the theater
the other night to put pressureon you. but she didn't.
She hadn't told Duncanhow much you owed.
She actually just gave youa chance to handle it.
What if you decided to handle itin a more permanent way. Karl?
What if you let themuse your gun
so that you could slipa live round in?
Look.
You're right about the cars.and I owe my bookie a lot.
Yeah.
How much do you owe Bella?
[sighs]
$100.000.
Sounds like 100.000 reasonsto commit a murder to me.
[sighs]
You know what. I am gladthat we got this guy.
but I am not happy with the wayit went down.
Hi.
Processing. Thank you.
You should've let me pursue it.
Yeah. you're right.
Wait. come on. you're not goingto argue with me?
Well. I could point out thatif I hadn't done what I did.
then he'd be halfwayinto Canada by now.
Amy. you just didpoint it out.
I did?
Oh. Well. anyway. I think whatwe should be focusing on
is how to induce a heart attackin a healthy person.
There's this great mysteryseries by Edith Pargeter.
I mean. well. she wrote undera pseudonym. Ellis Peters.
All right. you gotta. you gottajust push through the...
the backstory.
It's interesting!
I have no doubt. but...
Okay. anyway. my point is.is the main character
is this medieval monk.
Brother Cadfael. right?
He's like this amateur sleuth.
And in the book.Monk's Hood.
there's this healthy man
who just drops dead froma heart attack.
and Brother Cadfaelfigures out
that it's this oil namedMonkshood that causes the death.
What do you think?
I think we should go checkthat autopsy that I ordered.
[knocks at door]
Russ.
Did we get the autopsy resultsof Bella Brightman yet?
Not yet. Detective. but I wasjust going to call you.
We pulled that bulletout of the mirror.
The trajectory was wrong.
The bullet arced downwardat a 45 degree angle.
Which means that...
It was fired from the catwalk.
The same time the onstage gunwas fired.
Any prints off the bullet?
A partial that matched printswe found on the catwalk. too.
One of the peoplewe printed last night.
Who?
Sebastian Dusquenes.
[sighs]
I need to see this guy.
I want to see him too.
I think we should mayberide together?
[impatiently]Amy.
Or. I could just breakthe speed limit
trying to rush to get tothe hotel in front of you.
You can askall the questions.
[laughs]
[piano lounge music]
Hi.
Checking in. Mr. and Mrs.?
What?
Oh. no.
No. no. no. We're not a.this is...
My name is DetectiveTravis Burke.
I'm with the Garrison PD.
and I need to talkto one of your guests.
Sebastian Dusquenes.
Well. well. well.Isn't this a surprise?
The policemanand the professor.
We need to sit down and havea conversation.
Oh.
Well. that sounds ominous.Do I need to call my lawyer?
You need to sit down.
Watch my bags?
Of course.
Here's the thing. Sebastian.we found the bullet
that was fired throughthe mirror on stage.
and we know that it was firedfrom the catwalk
at the same time that Lacyfired her shot.
and we know thatit's your bullet.
because we foundyour fingerprints on it.
We also found your fingerprintson the catwalk
where the stage light fell.
Okay. okay. I dropped the light.
But it was... it was six feetaway from her.
And yeah. I fired the gun.but it was...
it was nowhere near her.
I wasn't trying to kill Bella.
I was... I was just tryingto frighten her.
-Why?-Why?
Well you know. you...you called it.
I was trying to win her back.
By dropping a lampon her head?
I. I thought that if Bella wasafraid that someone in Garrison
was trying to...to harm her.
I mean. I could convinceher to...
to retreat back to New York.
But she told me at the partyshe wasn't going anywhere.
She had fallen in love.
She said this timeit was the real thing.
I mean. look. guys. if you justlet me talk to Bella.
I can explain everything.
[melancholy music]♪
What?
Sebastian... Bella's dead.
So he confessed to droppingthe light and shooting the gun.
but he claims not to knowthat Bella was dead.
You buy it?
I wish I had more evidence.
Well. here's the autopsy report.
Bella had ingested aconite.
It's a homeopathic compoundused to treat the flu.
but in larger doses can inducea heart attack.
Brother What's His Face.
Cadfael.
What are you talking about?
Uh. Amy here.
She had a suspicionthat Bella's heart attack
was caused by a drug.
You were right.
Uh. how long does it takefor this drug to start working?
Under an hour.
Well then. I need to figure outwhat Bella had for breakfast.
You know whereyou can get aconite?
A drug store.
Yeah.
You know I got a whole listof medications
that were stolen fromour local drug store?
All right. let's seewhat we got in here.
We got Benzone. Mirtazapine...
[muttering]
A bunch more.
We got Lipitor.
Ah. Aconite.
Here's what I don't understand.though.
I mean. if the killer was tryingto conceal the theft of aconite.
why make you pay attentionto that burglary
by ambushing Claire?
It just doesn't make any sense.
No. It doesn't.
It's a really good question.Amy.
But it's one that I'm goingto have to answer by myself.
Oh.
Are you dismissing me?
Haven't you noticedI've been helpful?
I notice.
I notice you. Amy.
But this is no longerattempted murder.
this is the real thing.
And I...
You know what. no. no. no.It's... it's fine.
I hear you loud and clear.I got it.
I'm gonna go talk to Duncan.
Yeah. Sure.
Good luck.
Thanks. Amy.
[doorbell]
[knocking]
Duncan. this is DetectiveTravis Burke.
I am going to need you to callme when you get this.
Thank you.
[sighs heavily]
[keys clacking]
♪
Amy.
I wanted to talkto Detective Burke.
Oh. hi Vincent.
Um. he just. he stepped outfor a minute.
I was hoping I could...see her.
Bella.
Yeah. Um.
I'm sorry. Vincent. but she'salready gone to the coroner.
Right.
Never mind.
So you think the drugstoreburglary was done
to get the aconite?
Yeah. I mean. it's a prettybig coincidence.
And you think this latestburglar was the same guy?
Probably to confuse me.
Right.
The toy monkey.
Why draw attention to himself
if what he was stealing was usedto commit murder?
It's funny. Amy askedthe same question.
[laughs]
What?
Oh. hey Josie.
Oh. hey Professor.
Hi. I just wanted to stop by'cause I had a question for you.
After the shootingat the theatre.
the police fingerprintedeveryone.
Those are calledelimination prints.
And they comparewith the actual prints
that they might've gotten offof any physical evidence.
Okay.
I found something interesting.
So. it turns outthat Duncan Spencer
has been arrested before.
Yeah. there it is right there.
Four years ago. DUI.
And you know what's reallyinteresting is...
I bailed him out.
Yeah. Why?
Because.
He's my brother.
He's your brother?
Biological.
Our parents diedwhen we were young.
we didn't haveany other relatives
so we went into foster care.
I was younger and got adoptedby a really nice family.
Duncan wasn't so lucky.
He wound up with nota nice family.
You two don't seemvery close.
We were.
See. my adoptive parents dieda few years ago.
so I decided to tryto find him.
That's how I got to Garrison.
Helped him pullhis life together.
He got a job asa ski instructor.
Really straightened out. but...
But what?
He met Bella.
She came here to ski.fell for him.
bought that house.
She's very possessive.
Can't stand me. and nowhe hates me too.
So she stole two menfrom you.
Well. maybe she'll run awaywith Elliot.
and I'll get my brother back.
Josie. Bella's dead.
What?
I thought the policewere guarding her.
It was a heart attack.
How? She was so healthy.
It was a compoundcalled aconite.
Aconite.
Yeah.
We carry that.
I know.
Which is why I have to ask you.
did your brother know thatthe security system was out?
No. We barely speak.
Okay. did anyone else know?
Anyone that was close to Bella?
Well. yeah.
But I mean. there'sno way that...
Who?
Elliot.
Sorry again about last night.
I was out cold from whateverthe doc gave me.
I'm not going to stay long.
I just need to know
what Bella had for breakfastyesterday morning.
Oh. um...
A protein shake.
Was it from a can?
No. it's a mix.
Show me.
Uh yeah. it's this one here.
So this one's. D.is it for Duncan?
Yeah.
B for Bella?
So. this one'sgot protein in it.
What's in Bella's jar?
Oh. some kind of um. fat burningpowder. you know?
Hmph.
So then why was she drinkingout of your jar?
Why you asking that?
Answer the question.Duncan.
Um. she made my shakeas usual in the morning.
my stomach wasn't feeling great.so I guess she drank it.
What's going on.Detective?
What I think it meansis that somebody
might be trying to kill you.
Sit. please.
Thanks.
Can I get you somethingto drink?
Uh. no. I'm fine. Thanks.
I. um... I heard about Bella.
Yeah.
I mean. I... I can't believe it.
[heavy knocking at door]
Sorry. one second.
Hi. Elliot.
Detective.
We have a warrant to search your premises.
Get started. guys.
No.
What are you doing here?
Detective. you...you can't just...
That little piece of paper saysthat I can.
I'm calling my Dad.
Go ahead and do that.
You didn't answer my question.
[sighs]
I think that Elliot brokeinto the drugstore.
And how did you come upwith that. Amy?
Because I sawon your computer...
Hold on. you...
Josie bailed out Duncanon a previous arrest.
Wait. what?
Yes.
So. I went to go talk to Josie.and I found out
that she and Duncan arebiological brother and sister.
Their parents diedand they're adopted.
Well. how does that bringyou to Elliot?
Because when I talkedto Josie.
she told me that she told Elliotthat the alarm system was down.
But here's the thing I don'tunderstand. why would Elliot...
It was Duncan.
What?
He was trying to kill Duncan.
But Amy. you knew that he wasa potential murderer.
and you came hereby yourself.
[sighs uncomfortably]
All right. you can go now.
I would rather not.
Unless I'm under arrest.
[laughs]
Touch something.and you just might be.
[whispers]Sorry.
[suspenseful music]♪
[shutter snaps]
♪
Detective?
What's going on here?
We're searchingyour son's home. sir.
My lawyers are going to havesomething to say about this.
We made a copy ofthe warrant for them.
Jerry?
And what have you found?Anything?
Elliot. is that your shedback there?
It's. uh. part of the rental.but I... I don't use it.
You got the key?
[pills clattering]
Elliot Quirk. you'reunder arrest for theft.
assaulting an officer.and murder.
Murder?
You have the rightto remain silent.
Anything you say canand will be used
against you in a court of law.
[sighs]
You mad at me?
[laughs weakly]
Well deduced. professor.
Look. Travis. I was goingto call you.
What part of "I need to handlethis" wasn't clear?
You are handling this!
Mm-mm. Don't do that.
What if I didn't show up
and you're in that house alonewith a killer?
Well. I have handled myselfalone with a killer before.
as you well know.
If by handled.
you mean you almost got yourselfkilled. sure.
You know what?
Fine. fine. you're right.
Is that going to makeyou happy?
No. No.
I am worried.
I don't care about being right.
Amy. I made your dada promise
that I would never put youin harm's way.
You didn't. Travis.
Can you please stop trying toscore points for one second?
[sighs]
Thank you.
Claire just got out ofthe hospital. okay?
Yeah.
And I don't want to seeanyone else get hurt.
I'm sorry.Thank you.
You're welcome.
But since he's already arrested.
would you mind if I just tagalong to see what's in the bags?
Yeah. I mind.
Come on. Travis!
I'm the one who sawthe shed!
Fine.
You see. and then you go.
What do you got. Ross?
I found a hidden folderin Elliot's email account.
Ah. one like Josie mentioned.
Lots of correspondencewith the victim.
and I pinged the IP address.
and the emails all came fromBella Brightman's home server.
She had a separate email accountset up just to write to him.
Hmm. What did she say?
That she was in love with him.
A lot.
Maybe he's who she was talkingabout when she told Sebastian
that she'd finally found love.
But check out what she senttwo weeks ago.
"I wish Duncan would disappear."
And here's the bonus.
Elliot programmed all ofthe sent mail that went to
Bella's secret email address
to be saved to anotherhidden folder.
I guess he was paranoidhis girlfriend might find out.
Well. he should've been.
He sent this three nights ago.
"Bella. I'm sick of waiting.
After opening night.you're all mine."
Print these out for me.
Thanks. good work.
[suspenseful music]♪
I didn't. I didn't write these.
[clears throat]
Elliot...
Are you going to pretendthat you weren't in love
with Bella Brighton?
I mean she's a.she's a movie star. okay.
But in love?
Yeah.
Elliot...
You were trying to getrid of Duncan.
but your plan backfired.
and instead. you accidentallykilled the woman that you love.
No.
Yeah.
No. no. no. don't.
I... I didn't do anything.
I... I swear to you. I am...I am innocent.
I would never hurt anyone.
I mean. our family.our... our company.
We're built on that.
My dad's motto for the...for the last 20 years is
"Do no harm."
Not like this.
It had nothing to do with me. I didn't do it.
Please!
All right. he's...he's dug in.
I know. it's just...
Just what?
My instinct is. is he didn'tlove her.
No?
No.
No. because whenyou love someone.
it shows. you know. You can't help it.
[gasps]
What?
Emma.
Who's Emma?
It's a Jane Austen novel.
It's a mystery?
Yeah.
Well. not in the traditionalsense.
but it's what I was tellingmy class.
It's a mystery aboutwho loves whom.
But in this case.
someone loved Bella.but it wasn't Elliot.
Hmm. Amy Winslow. I thinkwe'd better figure out who does.
♪
In our last rehearsalyou said to me.
"once the show's over.I'm sure Elliot will move on.
"Bella certainly will."
And then Bella told Sebastian
that she had finallyfound her true love.
but that wasn't Elliot.and it wasn't Duncan.
That was you.
It was like an old-fashionedromance.
We never even kissed.and we wrote letters.
I've just been goingback over them.
processing the grief.I guess.
Vincent. do you mindif I take these?
Please.
You guys were...
They were very muchin love.
So. no emails.No texts.
No phone calls.
No digital trail.
That was her idea.
She was going todivorce Duncan.
and we were finally goingto be together.
We were just waitingfor the play to close.
I'm going to take care of these.I just need them for evidence.
Thanks.
Look. I gotta consider hima suspect.
Maybe he got tiredof waiting.
tried to divorce her from Duncanfor good. but it backfired.
Maybe. But all these letters.
I mean. she didn't wanta digital trail with him.
but she's okay with havingthis extensive one with Elliot?
I mean. it just doesn't fit.
It doesn't.
But it doesn't tellus anything
about who tried to kill Bella.either.
Well. so find something elsethat doesn't fit.
You know. we just needto go through
every single pieceof evidence you have.
and then find the anomaly.
The thing that doesn't fit.
Yeah.
I like the way you think. kid.
You do?
Do you have your transcriptfrom the interview with Elliot?
Mmhmm.
Where is it?
Oh. it's here.
Thanks.
"Our family. our company.
"We're built on that.
"My dad's motto forthe last 20 years is
"Do no harm."
So?
So. take a lookat this picture.
This is also at his trailerand his work.
Quirk Commercialand Home Construction.
Established 1980?
So why say 20 yearswhen the company was founded
almost 40 years ago?
Huh.
I think that thisis the anomaly.
I mean. what happened with Quirkconstruction 20 years ago
that made them suddenlydedicate themselves
to not hurting anyone?
-Amy.-What?
That's a brilliant question.
Yeah?
I'll go ask Elliot.
Okay. all right. well I'm gonnakeep digging here.
[keyboard clacking]
[suspenseful music]♪
"Fire kills seven."
"No sprinklers in Quirk Tower."
[laughs]
Boom.
[heavy knocking]
[whispers]Hold on a sec.
What?
Hey. I gotta talk to you.
I gotta talk to you.
Elliot told me that 20 yearsago...
His father owned a buildingthat burnt to the ground--
Right.
And seven people died.
Yeah. I know.
Including Imogenand Nicholas Threllfall.
Parents of two kids who werein school at the time.
[exhales]
We need more proof.
[doorbell rings]
Hi.
Oh. hi.
We arrested Elliot.
We believe that he was the onetrying to kill you. Duncan.
I'm going to need to geta full statement.
Yeah. of course.
Uh...
Well. it could take a while.
Do you have a comfy roomthat we could sit in?
Yes. sorry. Come on in.
Um. we can use the library.
Uh. can I just useyour restroom?
Sure. it's just right there.
Oh. okay great.
Thanks.
[sighs]
Just follow me. Detective.
Thanks.
[suspenseful music]♪
[door opening]
(Josie) Duncan?
[sighs]
Duncan?
(Duncan) I'm upstairs!
[suspenseful music]♪
[stairs creaking]
[drawer clatters]
[rhythmic clankingand squeaking]
Shh!
We found all of the bags ina shed on Elliot's property.
Hi. Josie.
Hi Professor.
I came to check on Duncan
and the detectiveis just telling me...
I just can't believethat Elliot.
Does his father know?
He must be devastated.
Yeah. yeah. He is.
Speaking of parents. howdid your parents die again?
Why are you askingabout our parents?
We know that their names wereNicholas and Imogen Threllfall.
How do you?...
And that their kids nameswere Jocelyn and Duncan.
Your parents were killed dueto George Quirk's negligence.
I mean. I can't imaginehow you must've felt
when his kid moved here.
So you figured outthat Bella was goingto leave you for Vincent-
Mmmhmm.
Take all her money with her?
Yeah. but not before she did aplay about revenge and reward.
so you created yourown play.
This elaborate puzzlefilled with
all these little breadcrumbsfor us to follow.
First you had to start datingElliot. though.
You told Duncan to send love emails from Bella's computer
to you at Elliot's computer.
And then just this week. Duncan.
you dropped the valentine for someone to see.
[glass shattering]
Duncan. you pulled three burglaries.
two of which you wantedthe police to notice.
which was good.because Claire did notice.
She started running Main Street.and then you lured her in.
and there was the party.
Yeah.
Duncan picks a fight with Elliotin the kitchen.
right by the shake mix.
Meanwhile. you pull offa fourth burglary.
which was brilliant.
And then. you plantall the evidence for us
to find in Elliot's shed.
Mmhmm. and then you come hereto report to Duncan.
but while you were at it.you told us about the affair.
and it was... it wasalso brilliant
because we were your shouldersto cry on.
And then the next morningyou made that shake for Bella.
didn't you Duncan?
You just had to getyour reward.
Then. when the timingwas just right.
your sister tells Amy
that Elliot knew aboutthe security being out.
so we would blame himfor trying to kill you
but accidentally killing Bella.
And you would get your revengeon George Quirk.
Oh. but then there wasSebastian. ugh.
That guy. right?
He came in with all his improvisation.
(Travis) It distracted us.
It did. But you stuckto your script.
That is... Definitelya script.
Like the crime fictionyou teach. right Professor?
But um. here's the thing.You have no proof.
Of any of it.
Yeah. I do.
You do?
Yeah. yeah. oh yeah.I do.
I forgot.
I found the monkey.Upstairs.
Yeah. the one that you usedto lure Claire Tate
to the back of the storeto get the drop on her.
Yeah.
Do you know how I know thatthis monkey is that monkey?
No?
Well. I mean. if... if I couldopen this bag.
you would see that in the furof the monkey.
it's... it's almost microscopic.
It's got these tinylittle bitty red flecks.
And I would be willing to betall the amount of money
that you guys thinkyou're going to inherit.
that when Detective Burke hereruns a DNA test
on those red flecks.
they're going to matchClaire Tate's blood.
[suspenseful music]♪
Duncan.
[sighs]
You know you're right about thiscoming from the play.
It was my idea.
A one-man show.
Josie didn't know anythingabout this.
Duncan. no.
You talked to her.
I hate her.
Look at her.
Little goody two shoes.trying to straighten me out.
Why would I risk my lifeto plan a crime with her?
Stop it. it's not true.
It was my idea.not his.
Josie.
No.
[sighs]
You're all I have.
And I'm not letting you takethis all on.
We did it together.
We did it for our parentsand for each other.
So...
Yeah.
It was lucky that you foundthat monkey.
Mmm.
It was lucky that Claire's bloodwas on it.
Oh. there was no blood on it.
Wait.
You...
Did you?...
Yeah.
I... I bluffed himinto confessing. yes.
Amy. what if it didn't work?
Well. it did.
"The people who lie the most
"are nearly always the clumsiest at it.
"and they're easier to foolwith lies
"than most people. too.
"You'd think they'd beon the look-out for lies.
"but they seem to be the veryones that will believe
"almost anything at all."
That was written in 1934.believe it or not.
Still stands true today.
Okay. all right guys.Thank you.
Have a good weekend.
Hey. Lacy. I wanted to talkto you about something.
Um. I have been talking toVincent about doing
my own adaptationof The Thin Man.
and I think that you would makethe perfect Nora Charles.
[laughs]
Uh. yes. that's wonderful.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks. Professor Winslow.
You're welcome. Go havefun this weekend.
You too.
[gasps]
[laughs]
You're back!
Yeah. on Monday.
Thanks for helping Travis.
Oh.
Hey. we're going to goget some food.
Do you want to comewith us?
Uh... Actually. I gota better idea.
Okay. guys.
I haven't made Korean tacosin a while. so be gentle.
These look delicious.
I didn't even know there wassuch a thing as Korean tacos.
Oh. yes. yes. I... I first hadthem in Seoul
when I was doing researchfor the...
Seven Stars.
Yeah. Seven Stars there.
Very good.
See. see what a devoted studenthe is. Amy?
Well. come on. I mean.
you only had one Atticus Kellerbook set in Korea.
Actually. I don't mean to bea Graham Winslow geek.
but the first chapter of AmberMoon starts with Atticus
still in Korea whenhe gets the phone call.
From. um. the widow.uh. what was her name?
Annette...
(All) Beja.
[laughs]
You are a Graham Winslow geek!
Come on. dig in.
[laughing]
Are you working out?
Maybe I should if we're goingto have any more chases
through the woods?
Yeah.
What are you guys talking about?
(Both) Nothing.
[clears throat]
Oh.
Hmm.
Well. I'm just glad thatwe're finally all able
to break bread together.
This does not looklike bread. sir.
No. but it's delicious.You're going to love it.
Almost as much as you lovemy dad's books.
Dig in.
[laughing]
Mmm!